Update docs for `tbot-distroless` image (#38840)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/installation.mdx

$ docker run -it --entrypoint="" public.ecr.aws/gravitational/teleport-distroless -debug:(=teleport.latest_oss_docker_image=) busybox sh
```

#### Machine ID (tbot)

We also provide a slimmed down distroless image that only contains the `tbot`
binary for use with Teleport Machine ID. The latest release can be found at
`public.ecr.aws/gravitational/tbot-distroless:(=teleport.version=)` and the
version tagging follows the same pattern as the main `teleport-distroless`
image.

Whilst the `teleport-distroless` image also includes `tbot`, using the `tbot`
specific image should be preferred for Machine ID deployments. This image is
smaller, improving pull times, and has a smaller attack surface. In addition,

> the image contains tweaks to improve the experience of running `tbot` in a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the image is customized in order to improve the experience of running `tbot` in a
```
